---
layout: post
category: announcements
time: 11:30 PM
description: Results from the second tryouts.
---

Congratulations to Timothy Smith for winning Saturday’s tryouts by solving 6 of the 9 
problems! Also congratulations to Ryan Jian and Yong Hong for placing second and 
third by solving 5 and 3 problems, respectively. Everyone did a great job, with 
almost everyone solving at least one problem, and only two of the problems remained 
unsolved at the end of the competition. The final scoreboard is up at 
[http://domjudge.cs.illinois.edu/public](http://domjudge.cs.illinois.edu/public), and 
as with the first tryout, the competition is open to submissions if you want to try 
the problems you missed during the tryout.

<br>

We had a grand total of 30 people try out this year! This meant that competition for 
the top spots was intense. This year, the cutoff for making one of the 5 teams was 2 
problems in the first tryout or 3 problems in the second tryout. Congratulations to 
everyone who qualified! 

<br>

Depending on how many teams register for our Regionals site, we might be able to take 
a sixth team, so if you were one of the people who solved 2 problems in the second 
tryout, keep posted for more information. Also, if you cannot attend Regionals 
(Saturday, November 1st) for any reason or would not be able to attend World Finals 
(May 16 – 21 in Morocco) if you qualified, please let Uttam (netid: thakore1) know 
immediately so we can extend the chance to the next qualifying person. It is 
important that you let us know within the next week, as it would be unfair both to 
your would-be teammates and to others who would be interested in participating if 
you drop out at the last minute.

<br>

**We are deciding teams now, so if you have a preference for teammates, please let 
Uttam know by tomorrow before the practice.** We cannot promise to accommodate 
everyone, but we will use your input in deciding the teams. The teams will be 
announced and finalized at tomorrow’s practice, so <b><i>if you qualified, you must 
be present at tomorrow’s practice!!!</i></b> We will also be going over competition 
strategy and the solutions to the tryouts problems tomorrow with a two time World 
Finals gold medalist (one of those times his team was in 2nd place!) and subsequent 
coach for his school’s World Finals teams, so it is *STRONGLY* encouraged to attend, 
even if you did not make any teams but want to do better in the future. If you 
qualified but cannot be at the practice for any reason, please let us know 
immediately.
