---
layout: post
category: announcements
time: 8:30 PM
description: Results from the 2014 ACM ICPC Mid-Central Regionals!
---

We had a stellar performance at regionals this year! There were over 150 teams 
competing in our region this year, and we took 4 of the top 20 and 5 of the 
top 30 spots, which is a great accomplishment! Out of the 9 total problems, 
team Quadrature Rules solved 8 problems, placing 3rd in the region. Teams 
Arimura-Arikawa-Kasai-Lee-Park, A*, and Brute Force solved 6 problems each, 
placing 15th, 16th, and 17th in the region, and team Bogosort solved 5 to 
place 29. Congratulations to all of our teams for an amazing job!

<br>

This year's regionals were quite a nail-biter. Going into the last hour, 
Quadrature Rules had 6 of 9 problems, IIT and UChicago had 7, and Northwestern 
had 8. It was pretty clear that 8 problems would be needed to land a spot in 
the top 3 and qualify for World Finals, but it wasn't clear which three teams 
would make it. The team really worked furiously during that last hour, solving 
2 more problems and taking 3rd place. Their last solve was just 3 minutes 
before the end of the contest! 

<br>

Historically, the top 3 teams from our region are invited to the World Finals 
competition. While it hasn't yet been confirmed, there is a strong chance that 
team Quadrature Rules will be invited to represent UIUC and the Mid-Central 
region at the World Finals this May in Morocco! Congratulations to the members 
of team Quadrature Rules, Timothy Smith, Mike Seo, and Ruihan Shan!

<br>

I really want to thank all of the people who helped things go as smoothly as 
they did this semester. Mike Seo, Timothy Smith, and Jingbo Shang all did a 
tremendous job in helping to lead the practices and prepare our students for 
the regionals. Most of the pizza at the meetings would not have been possible 
without Yong Hong’s help in coordinating with the ACM. And of course, our 
faculty advisor Darko Marinov helped out immensely behind the scenes, helping 
us get funding and making sure we didn’t hit any hiccups in getting our judge 
server, website, room reservations, or transportation to the regionals.

<br>

We will be having our final meeting of the Fall semester on Tuesday from 6-8 
PM in 0218 Siebel Center. We will spend some time going over the regionals 
problems and taking feedback on the practices this semester, which we will use 
going forward.

<br>

Thanks again to everyone for a great semester!

<br>

-Uttam
