---
layout: post
category: practices
time: 8:00 PM
description: Summary of our tenth weekly practice of the Fall 2014 semester.
---

At today's meeting, we went over the Regionals problems and explained the solutions.
The problems, input and output, and the judges' code are all available on the
Mid-Central's ICPC website under the Archives section.

<br>

Today's meeting is the last for this semester. As such, in order to make sure that 
everyone can continue to practice on their own over the break, we showed how to log 
into the TopCoder Arena and use the practice rooms. We encourage everyone to both
practice using the TopCoder Arena practice rooms (this is also where you can practice 
solving any of the TopCoder problems we have assigned during practices) and 
participate in the TopCoder Single Round Matches (SRMs) that occur once every two 
weeks or so. The schedule of TopCoder SRMs is provided on our calendar.

<br>

Finally, we are looking for new officers for SIG-ICPC! Our current ACM liaison/vice 
chair, Yong Hong, is graduating this semester, and we need someone to take his place 
in the spring. We are also looking for students who are interested in taking the 
positions of team captain, which involves leading some of the practices and 
encouraging students to participate actively, and treasurer, which involves managing 
the finances of the SIG. If you are interested in any of the positions and are 
willing to dedicate the time required to do a good job, please e-mail Uttam (netid:
thakore1) immediately!

<br>

Regular SIG-ICPC meetings will pick back up in the Spring, so keep your eyes peeled 
for an e-mail on the ICPC mailing list. In the meantime, keep practicing on your own 
using SPOJ, TopCoder SRMs, Codeforces, and any of the other practice resources that 
are listed on our Learn page.

<br>

Have a great remainder of the semester and holiday break, and 
<b><i>happy coding!</i></b>
